add generate from data sample for CRUDs and SVs (#1451)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/api-console/api-design/crud_advanced.md

You can delete a route but you must always leave at least one endpoint exposed by the [CRUD Service](/runtime_suite/crud-service/10_overview_and_usage.md), otherwise the CRUD won't be accessible by anyone, neither the services in your project.

### Import CRUD collection fields

> Instead of manually creating your CRUD fields, you can easily import them:
> 
> - from a [JSON schema](#how-to-create-the-fields-of-your-crud-by-importing-a-json)
> - from a [data sample](#how-to-generate-from-data-sample-your-crud-fields)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to manually manually creating your CRUD fields, it is also possible to import them:

- from a [JSON schema](#how-to-create-the-fields-of-your-crud-by-importing-a-json)
- from a [data sample](#how-to-generate-from-data-sample-your-crud-fields)

This simplify the schema definition whenever it has already been defined somewhere else or a record representative of your dataset is available.
```
What do you think?

Author: super, thanks

The collection **has not yet been saved** it is necessary to continue the process described below
:::

#### How to generate from data sample your CRUD fields

From the `Import fileds` button, select the **From data sample** option. 
Doing this will replace the current fields with those contained within the file.
The supported file extension are: `.csv` and `.json`.

Example json

```json
[
  {
    "field1": "anyString",
    "field2": "true",
    "field3": "123"
  }
]
```

Example CSV

```csv
field1,field2,field3
false,anyString,123
```

At the end of the upload an internal function will try to cast the types correctly, otherwise it will treat them as strings by default.

:::note
Import of fields is supported only for the following data types: `String`, `Number`, `Boolean` or `Date`. For example, you cannot import fields of type object.
In case some fields are not in the correct format, they will be ignored.
:::

:::caution
You cannot import fields with the same name as one of the metadata fields. If this happens, a warning will be displayed and the import won't be successful

> :::

Author: @danibix95 are these notes correct?

Reviewer: Yep, the behavior is consistent.

The collection **has not yet been saved** it is necessary to continue the process described below
:::

#### How to generate from data sample your CRUD fields

> From the `Import fileds` button, select the **From data sample** option. 

Author: ```suggestion
From the `Import fields` button, select the **From data sample** option. 
```
